Migrate nonlocal games 1596 task1 - quantum (#1745)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/nonlocal_games/chsh_quantum_alice_strategy/solution.md

In Q#, you can perform measurements in a specific basis using either the
[Measure operation](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.intrinsic.measure)

> or convenient shorthands for measure-and-reset-to-$|0\rangle$ sequence of operations

Author: Fixed. Updated all remaining \rangle macros to \ket

> In Q#, you can perform measurements in a specific basis using either the
> [Measure operation](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.intrinsic.measure)
> or convenient shorthands for measure-and-reset-to-$\ket{0}$ sequence of operations
> [MResetZ](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.measurement.mresetz) and
> [MResetX](https://docs.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp/microsoft.quantum.measurement.mresetx).

Reviewer: Looks like these are links to old documentation, not sure why I didn't notice that on the first read, sorry
```suggestion
In Q#, you can perform measurements in a specific basis using either the
[Measure operation](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.intrinsic/measure)
or convenient shorthands for measure-and-reset-to-$\ket{0}$ sequence of operations
[MResetZ](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.measurement/mresetz) and
[MResetX](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.measurement/mresetx).
```
